Git Assignment

    1. How do you initialize a new Git repository named "project1" on your local machine?
       Mkdir project1
       cd project1
       git init
    2. How do you add a new file named "index.html" to the "project1" repository?
       Touch index.html
    3. How do you stage the changes made to "index.html" for committing?
       Git add index.html
    4. How do you commit the changes made to "index.html" with a commit message of "Add index.html"?
       Git commit -m “Add index.html”
    5. How do you view the commit history of the "project1" repository?
       Git log
    6. How do you create a new branch named "feature-branch" in the "project1" repository?
       Git checkout -b feature-branch
       or(git branch feature-branch)
    7. How do you switch to the "feature-branch" in the "project1" repository?
       Git checkout feature-branch
    8. How do you make changes to "index.html" in the "feature-branch"?
       Edit the file in a text editor
    9. How do you stage and commit the changes made in the "feature-branch" with a commit message of "Update index.html in feature branch"?
       Git add index.html
       git comit -m “Update Index.html in feature branch”
    10. How do you switch back to the main branch in the "project1" repository?
       Git checkout main
    11. How do you merge the changes from the "feature-branch" into the main branch?
       Git merge feature-branch
    12. How do you resolve any merge conflicts that occur during the merge process?
       Open the file(s) with conflicts and remove one of the duplicate sections of conflicting code and the conflict markers (<<< === HEAD, etc). Then add and commit the file again with a message describing the conflict resolution or the default message
    13. How do you view the changes introduced by the merge commit?
       Git diff
    14. How do you create a new tag named "v1.0" for the current commit in the "project1" repository?
       Git tag v1.0
       git tag -a v1.0 <commit hash>
    15. How do you push the "project1" repository to a remote repository named "origin"?
       Git push -u origin master
    16. How do you clone the "project1" repository from a remote repository to another machine?
       Git clone git@github.com:<user_name>/project1.git
    17. How do you fetch the latest changes from the remote repository to your local "project1" repository?
       Git fetch
    18. How do you pull the latest changes from the remote repository into your current branch in the "project1" repository?
       Git pull
    19. How do you create a new branch named "bug-fix" in the "project1" repository based on a specific commit?
       Git checkout -b bug-fix <commit hash>
    20. How do you revert the last commit made in the "project1" repository?
       Git checkout <commit hash>
       or 
       git reset –-hard <commit hash>
       or 
       git stash